\subsection{Market segmentation and quantifying potensial market size}
In general we can divide the market for our trip planner into three groups:
\begin{enumerate}
	\item{Those who are going to use the trip planner a lot; people who often travel to new places.}
	\item{Those who will use the trip planner some times; these people do not travel very much or generally just travel between a small set of the same places.}
	\item{The last group is the tourists coming from other countries.}
\end{enumerate}
These groups are further divisible into other groups as well. Some people are willing to pay more for their trip duration to be shorter. This is generally people with a lot of money and people traveling at their employers expense. Other people may want the trip to be as cheap as possible. This could be people with very limited funds, e.g. students.
Most people will probably want a balance between cost and travel time.

For now we are looking into a nationwide trip planner, connecting other existing regional trip planners into one functional product. This will make it easier to plan trips within different regions and in between different regions.

The target group of customers will be those traveling domestic. This can be both norwegian citizens as well as foreign tourists. This will help them plan the trip both cost- and time wise.
As most people traveling domestic will, at some point, whether it is a long trip or just a short trip, need to look up the time table(s) and plan their trip, this service will be needed by everybody.
Our potential customer base is therefore everyone traveling by bus, train, tram, boat, plane and all other methods of transportation available in Norway. Essentially, this includes everyone.
Even if one person is only traveling the same distance time after time after time, he/she will have to look up an updated schedule from time to time.
Maybe there have been changes to the time table or another alternative has become available.

\subsection{Entry barriers}
Trip planners aren't a new invention by any standard, and there exist a lot of alternatives like Ruter, AtB, Skyss and so on. The problem with the existing trip planners are that they are only made for specific regions.
Because there already exists different trip planners we can learn from them and improve on their features. This will make it easier to come up with a better system that can deliver a better result.
A trip planner will typically be implemented as a website complimented with a mobile app for mobile devices.
Websites and mobile apps are relatively easy to make, which means that the entry barrier is low for development of the product and also easy to use for customers that want to try out the system.

As a new player in the market, it is important that people be made aware of the new product. A lot of resources will be needed for a nationwide campaign, which is required as our potential customers include everyone in the country.
Another difficulty is attaining credibility; to gain the trust of the people.
Most public transportation companies have their own trip planner. It is important that the customer can trust that the information provided by our trip planner is just as good, or better, as the information provided by existing trip planners.
It is also essential that the route being calculated is optimal to the wishes of the customer. 
